(Episode 20)
- Hello. - Hello.
Is Chef On's mother here today?
I think she's at the terrace on the second floor.
There seem to be less customers than usual today.
Is it because of the allergy incident by any chance?
How did you know?
I found it out while researching data.
You know, Good Soup is the background of my drama.
Does this kind of incidents really affect your business?
Rumors spread fast in this field.
And fine dining restaurants like us...
usually have fixed customers.
When can we interview Min Ho, the youngest chef here?
The work isn't tough.
Or I tell myself it isn't hard.
Are there any couples here?
I'm fast to know in that kind of stuff.
I think Soo Jung likes someone.
And who is that?
Here.
Now, you ask me...
to make cake for your interview?
I need to win his favor.
If he doesn't cooperate, I'll have a hard time writing my drama.
I'll put your name on the list if it gets aired.
"A cooking advisor, Choi Won Joon."
Whatever.
I just hope you become successful.
You'll be at ease if you do well.
Please go back to how you were in college.
I won't go to you even if I change.
I never told you to come to me.
You think you have the lead in our relationship? You're wrong.
It's going to be you who will feel bad if we don't date each other.
Fix that short temper of yours.
Look who's talking.
Sometimes I laugh out of astonishment...
whenever I talk with you.
Laugh like that.
Laugh no matter how much I throw a fit.
I'll be going now.
Excuse me.
What do you do during your break time?
We're free until we start preparing for dinnertime.
What are you doing here?
I'm covering this restaurant.
- Is her story about cooking? - Yes.
It might get filmed around next year since you're covering it now.
Kyung, my drama is getting filmed this year.
Her drama might as well get filmed.
She has the synopsis and scripts for the first two episodes.
When did she write all those?
I heard she wrote it a few years ago.
I should go.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
She's so diligent.
No wonder why she's doing so well in her career.
It's fine for her to be doing well,
but I don't want her to be so rude to Chef Choi.
Hello.
- Hi. Have a seat. - Okay.
- Did you see this? - No, I haven't.
Gosh, he looks so handsome.
Right?
I gave birth to him.
It's the best thing I've done in my entire life.
The second best thing is getting divorced.
I could finally live like a human after I got divorced.
I don't know why I resisted so much not to divorce him then.
Jung Sun suffered the most from it.
I heard it was when he was 15.
And he protected me at that age.
I feel bad that he matured so early,
but what can we do about it?
Everyone is born with their own fate.
He grew up so well.
I have so many things to learn from him.
I need to go shopping. You want to join me?
Professor Min went for his special lecture, and Jung Sun has to work.
Do you accompany with someone whenever you go shopping?
Not always.
You need to do something together to get closer with one another.
Can I ask you something by the way?
Sure. Ask away.
Why do you want to get closer with me?
You and I both date a younger man.
You're dating my son too.
It'd be great if we go on a double date.
It might help my relationship with Professor Min.
He makes me so happy.
Jung Sun works every day,
and I feel bad about it as his mom.
I hope someone makes my son happy too.
That's my wish.
His face brightens whenever he talks about you.
Really?
You just made it so obvious that you're glad to hear that.
I like it.
I hate pretentious people.
I can't go shopping with your because I have to work.
I'm working on my drama at the moment.
Now, you're being way too honest.
I was a little intimidated by you when I first saw you.
But now that I see you again,
you're like a girl.
I hear that often.
- It's done. - Thank you.
Please move to the chest X-ray room.
- Okay. - Thank you.
(Chest X-ray)
Please move to the endoscopy room.
- Okay. - Okay.
We have an endoscopy next.
- Lee Min Jae and Park Min Ah. - Here.
Please wait here.
- Okay. - Okay.
You often have a headache these days.
Should we have chosen to get a brain CT too?
There's no need.
Everyone has a slight headache in daily life.
Still, it's good to get it checked while you're at it.
All right, I'll listen to you.
That makes me happy.
What can I help you with, Mr. Park?
I don't need anything fancy. Just show me bands.
Are you developing a cake?
It looks like a path in a forest.
I'm sketching the cake Jung Woo will use for his proposal.
Is Mr. Park getting married?
Yes. I think there is someone he had on his mind for a while.
It's a forest path concept.
I want him and the woman he likes to walk on a flower path.
I'm cheering for him.
I'm so curious who it is.
Don't worry, you'll see her on Saturday.
It'll be here at Good Soup.
- Hyun Soo. - Hello.
- Are you here? - Yes. What are you doing?
I'm sketching for a cake that will be used...
for a proposal.
Do you normally draw first before making it?
Yes. The visuals are a part of the dish.
What does it look like?
It looks like a forest.
I'll leave.
- I'll go, Hyun Soo. - Okay.
You should put in more flowers since it's a forest.
I can make that happen.
Can I try it too?
Sure.
Here?
Again.
(Son, kimchi, smell, Korean food)
I made Kimchi soup at night by myself,
and they somehow knew. They told me it smells.
They knocked on my door...
Are you serious?
Why is he back?
Gosh, I'm so tired.
What is it again?
I'll leave after napping for an hour.
You can work continue doing your work.
This isn't your home.
Why do you always come here?
Is Hyun Soo dating Chef On?
Why do you care about someone else's personal life?
Hyun Soo and I go way back.
What will happen to Jung Woo, then?
(Listen to the recording.)
Does Mr. Park like Hyun Soo?
It's been a long time.
You woke me up.
Can you make me ramyeon?
Make it yourself.
All right.
Are you kidding me?
Are you a child?
Go away!
My hands slipped.
Go over there. Just sit down. I'll make it for you.
Writer Kyung Ah, you're so kind.
It's Kyung, not Kyung Ah.
I hate it when people call me a writer.
I also hate people that always say the things I hate.
You're so mean. You're cruel.
Do you like me now?
Just don't talk to me.
Don't I have pretty eyes?
I'll tell you who has pretty eyes.
If you go to Good Soup,
there is a chef named On Jung Sun.
I don't like him.
He's my enemy as well as Jung Woo's.
Gosh. What an embarrassment.
You're embarrassing.
You're friends with Ji Hong Ah, right?
She's going to debut.
Don't compare me to her!
She stole my pride.
Hello. It's been a while.
I went on a business trip.
Do you plan on going on TV again?
No, I don't.
How is it?
It's delicious.
It's a little different from when I had...
oysters and champagne separately in the Mediterranean.
It tastes completely different.
Enjoy.
You came alone?
It's rare for you to not have a meeting.
I'm trying not to take meetings.
You fixed it.
It tastes so much better than the first time.
It's all thanks to a good taster.
Let's have tea when you're done.
Your restaurant is getting empty.
I think I'll try changing the main dish next month.
I don't think it's because of your cooking.
Are you turning a blind eye to reality?
I'm skeptical about solving problems in a realistic way.
I have a feeling that's not where the essence is.
Even after all that, I feel like I'm back where I began.
About the restaurant...
Yes?
Why did you call it Good Soup?
There's On Jung Sun.
Sincerity and Love Line.
You have so many options.
My online nickname is Kind Soup.
I got it from that.
How can a soup be kind?
There's soup...
in Korean food too.
You can have a meal with just a soup.
I like being kind.
I wanted to cook.
"Good" to mean kind, and "soup" is from abroad.
It's a meeting between the east and the west.
You went through such a complicated process for the name.
I didn't come up with it easily.
[VIU Ver] E20 Temperature of Love "Tell Her to Come Too"
-= Ruo Xi =-
This is the proposal ring.
Keep it with you, then serve it with the food.
It's simple and nice. It's not superfluous.
I wanted to choose a ring like this for my proposal too.
I guess you beat me to it.
- Jung Sun. - Yes?
Do you know that I like you?
I do.
Me too.
However,
we all have different priorities in our lives.
I've seen many relationships break...
in my time.
Same with me.
How will it be for us?
If things break between us...
Why would you think about that? It's good right now.
We can worry about that if the time comes.
Jung Woo. I don't think it'll ever change between us.
Why not?
Because you're you.
Did I just move you?
I still can't stop myself.
I must go until the end and find out.
What do you mean?
Hello, Honey.
I woke up early to work.
Good luck!
(Please close the door.)
We still have a lot of puree left, right?
- Yes, Chef. - Keep checking on it.
Ha Sung, check on the seafood.
Throw them out if you think they're not fresh.
Okay.
I'm here, Mr. Park.
You look well.
It's because I'm doing what I love.
I went did some research yesterday.
I plan on writing all day today.
Why did you want to see me?
I read your script.
It was good.
I told you.
I'll contact the actors.
I know you need stars as it's your debut drama.
I'll make sure of it.
Thank you.
What about the director?
The director?
Direction is very important.
The actors won't choose to sign just from looking at the writer.
Not unless you're famous.
So who will it be?
I found someone fitting for you.
I can't tell you right now. I'll tell you later.
Is Hyun Soo's drama starting soon?
She's editing right now. We'll have to talk after that.
I trust you.
Don't break the rules.
If you neglect my drama because of Hyun Soo's,
I won't sit still.
You don't have to tell me.
Hyun Soo and Jung Sun...
are in love.
There won't be any room for you in between them.
Why are you telling me that?
Because I like you.
Even if you get hurt,
it'd be good to know in advance.
What are you doing here?
Aren't you almost finished with shooting?
Yes. See you.
It must be tough.
Sure, I guess.
What would you like to drink?
I don't need anything. Let's hear why you wanted to see me.
I heard you're leaving the company.
You're in talks with a couple of people.
And?
I want to scout you.
I thought you didn't like me.
That's separate. I admit that you're talented.
I think we could be good partners if we can agree.
I'd like some tea.
Sure.
Do you work on a Saturday?
Yes.
I have to do something very important today.
It's so pretty.
Mr. Park's proposal will succeed thanks to this cake.
Right.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Hello?
What are you doing?
I'm in a meeting.
The synopsis is finished, so I was talking to Joon Ha and Kyung.
Are you busy tonight?
No, I'll be home all day.
Then do you want to have dinner tonight?
Are you free?
I'll make myself free if it's you asking me.
See you later.
Are you asking Hyun Soo to come too?
I'll introduce her officially to him.
He'll be so surprised.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Yes, Mr. Park.
Come out right now.
Pardon? Right now?
Come out. Let's have dinner.
Does it have to be tonight?
I have plans.
It has to be tonight.
Let me add on that.
You don't have a choice.
I know.
All right.
Do whatever you want...
until "Unruly Detectives" is finished.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Why are you calling me?
I don't think I can go tonight.
Something came up. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
You and I can see each other any day.
Thank you.
Jung Sun, you're so warm like the sun.
Don't make fun of me because you're sorry.
You wanted to go to Good Soup?
Yes.
Are you happy?
I told you I have something to tell you, right?
Something personal...
Let's talk inside.
Hello, Mr. Park. Ms. Lee.
Chef On was waiting. I'll lead you in.
We'll seat ourselves. You can go.
- We're not real customers anyway. - Okay.
Why is it so pretty?
Is it a special day?
- Min Ho, bring that over. - Okay.
- Ha Sung, taste the puree. - Yes, Chef.
(Steak)
There are 2 dinner courses for table 3.
Medium rare for the steaks.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
Chef, Mr. Park is here.
Okay.
Jung Sun.
If the woman you like likes another man,
will you give up?
I might give up, but not before I give it my all.
Then what if that man was me?
Would you still go all the way?
Of course.
Wouldn't you do the same?
Let me introduce you two properly.
He's the man I like the most.
This is the woman I like the most.
(Temperature of Love)
Did you see Mr. Park's girlfriend?
Did you know that I was dating Hyun Soo?
- I did. - You knew,
yet you asked me to help you with your proposal?
I know it won't change anything no matter who gets involved.
Hello, I'm Yoo Hye Jung.
Let's have dinner since we're out.
Did Mr. Park and Hyun Soo come together?
I didn't do anything wrong, but I feel guilty.
Let me have him.
You won't keep him anyway.
Hyun Soo and I are in love.
I already know. Are you telling me because you're insecure?
Isn't it childish? This is how it's like to fight for blind love.
Can you handle it?